good hello to all and welcome to this
video tutorial where I will show you how
solve the error 12 that gives us this
I play the sims 3 and then we do not
allows to save all the advances that
we have so far does not allow us
make a 6 of the game and losing of
this way everything we had done
so far this error is quite
common to date unfortunately already
many users have a little poquillo
deranged because after being
some hours we are advancing in the
this game does not allow us to make a
saved from everything we've done
and it is quite unnerving this
tutorial I do it especially for the
forum sims where users like
merche say they have the same
problem that I and well here I bring you the
solution first of all to begin with I've
put a link that will take us to mega in
the same post I've uploaded to you where I've
uploaded this program that you will need
to solve the error for it
baixos go to the link that I have posted
do you enter into mega and click
download I already have it downloaded here
obviously and once you download it
you will be like weird joel and take the
program that is inside and what
we drag to the desk we can
close the rack and now we go to the
program that we have on the desktop
we click right on it and we
we will go to run as administrator
although the program and directly what
do us in case the flies are going to
click
in executing as an administrator we do
click you want to allow this program to
an unknown publisher perform
changes in the team we click on yes
and here we have the program open as
you will see the first box is empty and
we will go to this little button with
three dots we will click on it
and we should look for the sims file
3 I already have it here because
because I 've done it before but
for users who do not have it
we went to local disk team c
electronic arts program files
the sims 3 game bin once here inside
we must locate the file
ts 3w as you see here if you guys
you want I can do as I have
made backup copies of the file
just in case
simply copying and pasting the
file and you too well what
you can do if you wish
once the file is located we do
click on it
we click on open and as you see what
we have selected the executable here
up when we have it selected
we check that this box is
checked that the box is marked
Once we check it, we will click on save
and you will see that it has disappeared from above and
that gives us a message that tells us that
has been the operation has been correct
when we do this we can close the
program and finally we come to
start all the programs we are going to
accessories
Once in accessories we look for a symbol
of the system we click again
secondary mouse right click on
him and run as administrator on his own
maybe we press on this button press
we click on yes
and here depending on the ram memory of
your system
you must enter a code or another I
in my case I have to put this in the
same post I've already put the codes
possible but I in my case to the duty of
put times of edit space bar set
space
and you believe
and be a space 3 072 we click on
enter
press the enter key and we see that the
operation completed successfully
now we can close
and finally we're going to start and
We restart our computer
this is all to solve this
happy mistake this error that has
bothered so many I hope that I have
helped this video tutorial and
we are thank you bye